[5.3] Does check the server error logs in system tests (#45409)
joomla/joomla-cms: tests/System/README.md

- **writeRelativeFile** – Writes a file relative to the CMS root folder
- **deleteRelativePath** – Deletes a file or folder relative to the CMS root folder
- **copyRelativeFile** – Copies a file relative to the CMS root folder

> - **checkForLogs** – Checks the log file from the configuration for errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **checkForLogs** – Checks the log file (path defined in configuration) for errors
```

just an idea.
